Explain repeat configuration for multi-day check subdues (#3843)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/6.7/observability-pipeline/observe-schedule/checks.md

`monthly` | Subdue once per month on the same day, at the same time of day
`annually` | Subdue once per year on the same day, at the same time of day

#### Repeat and multi-day subdues

> Because repeat schedules for subdues are based only on the specified time of day, you may need to configure more than one repeat for multi-day subdues (like weekends).

Author: ```suggestion
Because repeat schedules for subdues are based only on the specified time of day, you may need to configure more than one repeat for multi-day subdues.
```

For example, suppose that you want to subdue a check on the weekends.

> You might set a repeat that starts on Fridays at 5:00 p.m. PDT and ends on Mondays at 8:00 a.m. PDT:

Author: ```suggestion
You might set a repeat that starts on a Friday at 5:00 p.m. PDT and ends on Monday at 8:00 a.m. PDT:
```
